Action essentials of front two hands cushion:
The preparation posture of the front volleyball hands for the ball cushion: facing the ball, the feet open (left and right, front and back) slightly wider than the shoulders, the toes retract or face forward, the heels lift slightly, the knees bend slightly inward, the upper body leans forward, the center of gravity rests on the front feet, the arms bend slightly in front of the chest, the elbows retract slightly, the eyes look at the ball, and keep the shape of the cushion striker. There are several types of hands: fist clasping (one hand half clenches the fist, the other hand holds the clencher, and the two thumbs are parallel to the front), palm holding (the fingers of both hands are overlapping, the palms are close to each other, the palms are closed to each other, the two arms are naturally straight when the two thumbs are facing the front cushion to hit the ball, the heels of both palms and the two forearms are tightly rotated, and the wrists are pressed down, so that the forearms above the wrist joint form a cushion plane). When you hit the ball, you need to control the part where your arm touches the ball: about 10 cm above the wrist joint, and the medial plane of the bone touches the back, middle and lower four parts of the ball. When the ball comes, face the ball in the direction of the ball, open your feet with slightly wider shoulders, slightly lift your heels, and bend your knees slightly inward. After overlapping the fingers of both hands, close the palms for five times and keep the heels close together. The two thumbs are stretched out parallel to the front arm, the wrist is pressed down, the two arms turn outward, and the forearm forms a hitting plane. The hitting point is about an arm in front of the abdomen. Touch the ball with the medial bone plane about 10 cm above the front wrist joint. When hitting the ball, insert your arms under the ball, kick your legs and lift your arms, and move your weight forward and upward. At the same time, the actions such as chest holding, wrist pressing and elbow pressing should be coordinated. The body and arms should have natural accompanying movements with the ball, so as to control the placement and direction of the ball. Then hit the ball accurately. When the ball flies to the distance of the front arm of the abdomen, the two arms should be clamped and stretched forward, inserted under the ball, pushed forward and lifted the arms to meet the ball, cushion the lower back of the ball, move forward with the stroke, and keep the hitting point in front of the body. The batter should coordinate his efforts. When the light ball is cushioned with different methods of force according to different incoming force, the batter should mainly rely on his arm to lift the force to increase the rebound force of the ball. At the same time, he should cooperate with the ground kicking and heel waist movements to make the body's center of gravity move forward and upward. The whole arm should be properly relaxed to flexibly control the direction and force of the cushion; When hitting the ball with medium strength, you should control the power of the ball, mainly relying on the rebound force of the ball itself to cushion the ball; During the hot heavy ball, take the action of drawing in the abdomen and holding the chest, help the arm to withdraw with the ball and relax properly, so as to buffer the force of the ball coming. At the same time, use the small arm and wrist actions to control the direction and angle of the ball cushion.
Action essentials of front two handed pass:
To pass the ball with both hands in front of you, you should first judge the route and location of the ball, move it to the bottom of the ball as soon as possible, maintain a reasonable position relationship with the ball, and aim at the passing direction to prepare for the pass. The feet should be open from left to right, about the same width as the shoulder, one foot should be slightly forward, the heel of the back foot should be slightly raised, the knees should be slightly bent, and the weight should fall between the feet slightly to the front foot. Tilt your upper body forward slightly, relax your arms, and look up at the direction of the ball. Raise your arms and elbows, with your hands in front of your head. The elbows naturally droop, and the wrists lean back slightly to meet the ball with a hand shape slightly larger than a hemisphere. You should touch the ball with your fingers (not your palms). When hitting the ball, you should rely on the strength of your feet, wrists and fingers to bounce the ball. After hitting the ball, the wrist bends forward with the ball due to the inertia after exerting force. When the incoming ball is close to the top of the head, the first thing to do is to meet the ball with both hands from the top of the face. Use the action of stepping on the ground, stretching the body and stretching the arm to meet the ball, coordinate the whole body, and pass the ball through the elasticity of fingers and wrists.